Order history, Templating, Payment and Price engine section update (#9)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/price_engine/price_engine_api/price_engine_services/standardcountryzoneservice.md

# StandardCountryZoneService

`StandardCountryZoneService` is uses as a helper to resolve settings based on a region or zone.
It uses simple configuration to determine the zone by given country.

> It is used for example for selecting template debitors in [`StandardTemplateDebitorService`](standardtemplatedebitorservice.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used for example to select template debitors in [`StandardTemplateDebitorService`](standardtemplatedebitorservice.md).
```
